Add an intermediate tuto for baking using a Ledger device (#506)
trilitech/tezos-developer-docs: docs/tutorials/bake-with-ledger/run-baker.md

For this step, you already have a baker! No need to regenerate it, just import it:

   ```bash
   octez-client import secret key my_baker remote:tz...
   ```

> Replace the `tz...` with the public key hash of your Ledger baking key.

To be able to sign the operations you find in **Step 2**, you need to use the `Tezos Wallet (XTZ)` application.
Quit the `Tezos Baking` application and open the `Tezos Wallet (XTZ)` application.

## Before running the Octez baking daemon

Complete [Step 3: Run an Octez DAL node](/tutorials/join-dal-baker/run-dal-node). For the [Step 4: Run an Octez baking daemon](/tutorials/join-dal-baker/run-baker), make following changes to setup `octez-signer` and `Tezos Baking` application.

### Setup the Ledger high watermark (HWM)

For security reason, always reset HWM to highest block value before starting to bake. The highest block can be obtained from [Tzkt](https://www.tzkt.io/blocks?expand=1)

Go back to the `Tezos Baking` application and run:

   ```bash
   octez-signer set ledger high watermark for my_ledger_key to <LEVEL>
   ```

> On your Ledger device, you should see a screen sequence similar to:

Author: You have to approve on your Ledger. I will also insert this information.

---
title: "Running a baker signing using a Ledger baking key"
authors: Sébastien Palmer
last_update:
  date: 10 January 2025
---

Now that the Ledger baking key is set up, you can follow the steps of [Run a Tezos node in 5 step](/tutorials/join-dal-baker). However, some steps will differ.

## Set up a baker account

While nothing changes for [Step 1: Run an Octez node](/tutorials/join-dal-baker/run-node), this is not the case for [Step 2: Set up a baker account](/tutorials/join-dal-baker/prepare-account).
For this step, you already have a baker! No need to regenerate it, just import it:

   ```bash
   octez-client import secret key my_baker remote:tz...
   ```

> Replace the `tz...` with the public key hash of your Ledger baking key.

> To be able to sign the operations you find in this step, you need to use the `Tezos Wallet (XTZ)` application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be able to sign the operations you find in **Step 2**, you need to use the `Tezos Wallet (XTZ)` application.
```

Quit the `Tezos Baking` application and open the `Tezos Wallet (XTZ)` application.

## Before running the Octez baking daemon

> You can follow [Step 3: Run an Octez DAL node](/tutorials/join-dal-baker/run-dal-node) without any extra steps. However, before starting [Step 4: Run an Octez baking daemon](/tutorials/join-dal-baker/run-baker), in order to take advantage of the `octez-signer` checks and those of the `Tezos Baking` application, some steps are important.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Complete [Step 3: Run an Octez DAL node](/tutorials/join-dal-baker/run-dal-node). For the [Step 4: Run an Octez baking daemon](/tutorials/join-dal-baker/run-baker), make following changes to setup `octez-signer` 
 and `Tezos Baking` application.
```

### Setup the Ledger high watermark (HWM)

When the baker daemon will be running, the `Tezos Baking` application will prevent double baking, double-attesting and double pre-attesting.

To initialize the checks made, you can set up the HWM maintained by the application with the block level of the chain for which you will have to start to bake.

:::note Warning

> This step is not necessary to be able to bake. However, if the HWM is not initialized, the first level encountered in an operation or block to be signed will be used as the initialization level. For this first operation or block, double baking, double-attesting or double pre-attesting will not be detected. It is therefore **strongly recommended** to at least initialize the HWM with the level of the block at the head of the chain.

Reviewer: Dont give extra information. make it compulsory for the user. 

LIne 30 to 36 can be replaced by 
"Always reset HWM to highest block value before starting to bake. The highest block can be obtained from [Tzkt](www.tzkt.io/blocks)"

:::

Go back to the `Tezos Baking` application and run:

   ```bash
   octez-signer set ledger high watermark for my_ledger_key to <LEVEL>
   ```

On your Ledger device, you should see a screen sequence similar to:
![Ledger Setup Review](/img/tutorials/bake-with-ledger/set-hwm-review.png)
<!-- https://lucid.app/lucidchart/26df7357-40e6-4c1b-8ffe-0e4b8eebf707/edit?beaconFlowId=D98D3B908C0603CC&invitationId=inv_08b134b7-3e40-4429-af31-101e36489cc3&page=0_0# -->

Output:

   ```console
   ledger://masculine-pig-stupendous-dugong/secp256k1/0h/0h has now high water mark: 42 (round: 0)
   ```

:::note

> The HWM can be set up directly from the setup command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, the HWM can be set up from the setup command:
```
